Update enable-the-report-message-add-in.md (#7995)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/enable-the-report-message-add-in.md

  - Outlook included with Microsoft 365 apps for Enterprise
  - Outlook app for iOS and Android

> - Both add-ins aren't available for shared mailboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both add-ins are not available for shared mailboxes.
```
